docs(www): 25 Workflows - Adding CSS and/or Sass (#14779)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/sass.md

---

> title: Sass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Using Sass in Gatsby
```
Might help discovery a little with SEO! I think the short title is fine in the sidebar.

---

> Sass is an extension of CSS, adding nested rules, variables, mixins, selector inheritance, and more. It's translated to well-formatted, standard CSS using a Gatsby plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Sass](https://sass-lang.com) is an extension of CSS, adding nested rules, variables, mixins, selector inheritance, and more. In Gatsby, Sass code can be translated to well-formatted, standard CSS using a plugin.
```
